Repository Setup
================

Now I have created this repository there is the mess I had previously
that I need to organise into the structure of this repo.
The first step of this is the copying of the key results,
which is already underway.
The 2017-09-09-dynamics dataset is the one used 
for all the results I have included in papers,
so this is the one I have copied into the repository.
What will be required at some point is the creation of an experiment.yml file
for this dataset so that it is reproducible.

Once I have the raw data imported into the repository 
I will need to add the tools to process it,
such that I can just run `make process` to
take the raw data to the processed state.
I am not entirely sure how I feel about the makefile,
however it does provide the opportunity to 
have consistency of commands between all the projects.
This approach does also have the benefit of being 
super simple to get started, 
only requiring a single command.
On the other hand, should there be a lot of data,
generating all of it is going to take too long.

Along with the datasets I am using 
I will also need to include the jupyter notebooks
I am using for the analysis.
This is a little more complicated,
needing to ensure that all the files are linked to correctly
and the output is all going to the appropriate location.
This is something I am already in a reasonable position to implement
since I already have the notebooks for the dynamics analysis broken out
into the separate repository.

