Performance Optimisations
=========================

I have had a lot of issues computing the statistics of
the first and last passage times for a simulation.
There have been a number of issues from
- running out of memory
- too much time on file IO
- time iterating through all molecules

To better understand where the bottlenecks are
and to understand simple performance benefits
I have performed lots of benchmarking.
The major bottleneck of computing the dynamics is the file IO,
so I have investigated a number of different methods 
for writing to a file.
I have been writing to a file since the resulting DataFrame 
has been too large to fit in memory.
Some of the approaches I have investigated are
- hdf5 files
- parquet files
- mysql database
All these methods allow the appending of dataframes to an existing file,
which allows me to compute just the current dataframe
then append it to the file.
In investigating this I found a few problems 
that were contributing to the vast majority of the runtime.
The major issue was writing to a samba share,
which has a relatively low bandwidth and high latency.
Significant reductions in time taken could be achieved
by just using an SSD for storage.

The other main bottleneck of this process was that
the append operation was slow regardless of the storage format.
Since none of the methods were particularly fast
I looked to other ways of improving performance,
primarily how to keep the DataFrame in memory.

I was using the default datatype for all the columns,
which was typically an int64 of float64.
Since I have no real need for this accuracy,
and I am only taking float32 values
I can easily halve the size of the dataframe,
by using float32 types for the floats
and either uint16 or uint32 types for the integer values.
Being able to fit the entire dataframe in memory
produced the biggest impact on performance,
taking the time from hours to a couple of minutes.


Indexing
--------

The other major improvement to performance was 
setting the index columns to the mol_id and time.
While this takes up more space and takes longer to compute,
the benefits in the searching are phenomenal,
reducing the time taken down from minutes to seconds.
