Dynamics Paper
==============

The dynamics paper is finally coming together and is built around a few key points.
We set up a few key relationships between values we are interested in
\[
    D \prop \frac{1}{\tau_s}
\]
\[
    D \prop \frac{1}{\tau_d}
\]
From these relationships,
it should follow that
\[
D\tau_s = c \text{and} D\tau_d = d
\]
where $c$ and $d$ are arbitrary constants.
However this is not the case,
with large deviations from the expected results.

With this question posed, the last passage time is introduced.
Since this is the structural relaxation value that scales with the
transport properties of the diffusion constant.
This leads to the question,
why are the first and last passage times so different?
How can these large deviations be so readily reversible?

This issue of reversibility can be explained by the rotational motion.
The rotational motion is the step that makes the process irreversible,
which is supported by the rotational relaxation time being the same
as the last passage time.

Finally the heterogeneous scaling.
Which we argue that on the timescale of the diffusion constant,
the molecule has sampled enough environments that it sees the average heterogeneity.

[paper draft](media/2018-02-12-paper.docx)

Takeaways
---------

There are a few ideas that need further consideration.
Probably the most important being the idea of what is an event?
We would like to know if a molecule has sampled enough states
for the average displacement to match that of the mean.
