Statistical Deviation
=====================

We have a model where we are assuming that
the motion of a particle over the timescale of the diffusion constant
is representative of the average particle dynamics,
i.e. that a particle has sampled enough of the distribution
to have an average displacement that is indicative of the mean.

Assuming that the last passage time is indicative of an 'event' taking place,
we interested on how many events take place before diffusion,
and how many events are required to reach the ensemble distribution.

For this discussion I am going to investigate the effects at a temperature of 1.35,
as being representative of the dynamics of a supercooled liquid.

Events on Timescale of Diffusion
--------------------------------

The average timescale of an 'event' occurring is the timescale of
the ensemble averaged last passage time $\langle \tau_L \rangle$.
A useful measure would be to understand the number of these events
which will occur on the timescale of diffusion.
For diffusion we are interested in the value $1/D$.

For this value we have on average 1.85 events to move a distance of 1.

This value is much lower than I was expecting,
so an alternative value that might be more representative
is the time to the onset of diffusive behaviour.
At low T this is a significant time,
and at T=1.35 requires an MSD of 2.

The average number of events that occur on this timescale is 2.43,
essentially double the previous value.

Neither of these approaches inform us that
the assumption of dynamic heterogeneity having a role in diffusion are incorrect.
So we might look at the problem from the other direction.

Events to Converge
------------------

Rather than counting the number of events for various timescales to occur,
instead we can look at the number of events for
the distribution to converge on the mean value.
Here we are interested in the standard deviation as a measure of convergence.
To undertake this experiment I am using a Monte Carlo method,
picking $n$ values from all the values I have computed
and finding the mean and standard deviation of these values.
I am independently picking $n$ random points from the distribution $10000$ times
watching how the standard deviation converges.

The standard deviation is really slow to converge,
being the same order of magnitude as the mean to $n=100$.
The number of choices that we predicted above is $n=3$,
and we are so far above that.

If we assume all our events are of size 0.4,
then we can get an average number of steps of a random walk
to move a distance of $\sqrt{2}$ with the equation
\[
L^2 = nd^2
\]
where $L=\sqrt{2}$ and $d=0.4$ which means $n=12.5$.
This is larger than other approximations,
although still not close to convergence.


Distributions
-------------

So far I have been investigating just single values rather than the overall distribution.
This has been because we have been trying to get convergence to a single value.
The point of this ideas is to be showing that on a longer timescales
the inhomogeneities of the dynamics are lost as molecules sample the distribution.

