Binary Mixture
==============

I have set running some simulations of the binary mixture,
primarily so that we are able to compare our dynamics results
with behaviour that is already well characterised and generally accepted.
The work I am primarily basing my study on is that by Asaph and Peter @Widmer-Cooper2009
which uses repulsive binary discs in a 1:1 ratio of large:small.
While I am using discs that also have an attractive potential,
I don't believe that there will be a significant difference 
between my results and those from the paper
since the pressure used is so high.

These simulations are in the directory data/simulations/2017-02-19-binary.

Once I have the data collected
I will need to calculate the various dynamics quantities 
for each of the data points.
This should also include some kind of test to ensure
that the simulations have actually come to equilibrium.

Data Processing
---------------

To effectively compute the dynamics of all the temperatures
I will need some kind of script
that will easily generate the resulting data.
Basically I should be able to run `make dynamics`
and everything that should be running has started.
This should only depend on the analysis code,
since the simulation data will not change once it has been computed.

Previously [2018-02-13](2018-02-13.md) I have pondered the storage framework for this data,
which I still think is reasonable.
Since the Binary Mixture data is still computing,
I can use the trimer dynamics data as a test case.


Commands for Processing
-----------------------

To process the data from the simulations I would like the following interface and options
```
sdrun dynamics --structural-length 0.4 --output-dir data --input-dir simulation
```
The keyword dynamics is the type of analysis,
which currently should be able to take the values mol_relax and dynamics
which correspond to to the calculation of traditional dynamics and our molecular motions.
The structural length is the only parameter of the computation,
defining the length associated with the structural relaxation time.
This is used for both 
the structural relaxation and the COM structural relaxation for traditional dynamcs and
the first and last passage structural relaxations for the molecular relaxations.
The final parameters are the input and output directories,
where they both refer to directories.
The input data files are found by globbing the input-dir for all gsd files,
while the output file is defined by the program.
This is important for the output file as there will be multiple instances writing to the same file.
