Project Update and Status
=========================

There have recently been significant updates to
the underlying code and structure of this project.
This is a summary update outlining the changes that have been made
and the impact they have on this project.

Molecular Definition
--------------------

The update of sdrun to version 0.6.0
introduced a major bugfix in the definition of molecules.
In previous versions,
the mass of each particle in the molecule was set to 1,
however, in integrating the molecule Hoomd uses
the mass of the central particle as the molecule mass
rather than the sum of all the constituent particles.
This was of particular concern for the dynamics of these particles,
particularly since one of the primary results is the comparison of
rotational and translational motions.
With the translational motion having a lower mass,
the forces will more readily accelerate this motion,
potentially seeing significant increases in mobility.

In concert with the update of the molecular motion
I have added a non-interacting particle at the center-of-mass
which is used for the integration.
This may also introduce some changes in the rotational motion
since the rotation is about a slightly different point.

Simulations
-----------

The biggest change to this project is the running of the simulations,
with each set of results having their own simulation directory.
This time there are no dates on the simulations,
with the experiment.yml files to reflect what is required from a simulation.
The removal of the dates and multiple directories
is primarily a result of a more expressive experi.
The `experiment.yml` file can now represent
the complicated experiments I need to run,
and has the ability to only generate the files which are required
should the experiment parameters change.

This brings a significant replicability improvement to this project.
The results I was using for calculations and further analysis
were generated before the creation of the structured project,
and I never really got around to
properly porting the old experiments to the new structure.
With the forced recompute of all the data,
the state of the repository now allows for the exact replication of results.

All the results from the dynamics of the Trimer system
are in the folder `data/simulations/trimer`
and can be reproduced by running `experi` in that working directory
(I will add a `make trimer` command to the Makefile shortly).

The biggest difference between
the current trimer simulations and previous iterations
is having both the low and high pressure simulations running together.
This makes the resulting datasets simpler to manage.
Other minor changes include a reduction in the range of temperatures,
reflecting the urgency with which these results were calculated.

Analysis
--------

The redefinition of the molecules in the simulations
was not without issues when getting to the analysis stage.
The most immediately noticeable change to the analysis of the dynamics
is the parallelism of the analysis,
undertaking the analysis of multiple files at the same time.
I finally found an appropriate method of
having multiple processes write to the same file.
part of the reason for the introduction of parallel analysis was
a performance hit in the dynamics calculations.
The optimised Cython code was replaced with Numpy code
in a move to simplify the install and deployment.

Another significant change is
the movement of the code to calculate relaxations to the sdanalysis repository.
While this change is not all that noticeable,
is is a good example of the development process,
where code begins in a notebook,
gets moved to it's own module within the repository,
and is then integrated into another tool.

Notebooks
---------

The notebooks inside the repository are still somewhat of a mess,
without a good idea of the logical flow of the different analyses taking place.
As an amendment to this I have started to number the notebooks,
beginning with the relaxations and molecular_relaxations,
which are general plots of the data from `data/analysis/dynamics.h5`.
These have been updated to use Altair for the figures,
after going through about every other plotting library there is.
The reason I am going with Altair
is that I don't always need the docs beside me.
Everything starts the same way with the Chart object
and the changes make conceptual sense to me.
Additionally the features like `transform_filter`
allow me to use the same chart object for a range of figures,
with each figure using the same dataset.
The lack of support for sub/super scripts in the labels is frustrating,
however I can still revert to Matplotlib for publication figures
as I have done in the publication figures notebook.

Public Project
--------------

A significant change in the project is making it public.
The main reason for this is that it made it easier
to share the figures which I have now included in the repository.
Science should be open and accessible,
so I have no issues making my work accessible.
The main reason this hadn't been public was the lack of structure,
everything was kind of thrown in from previous attempts at organisation.
In making all the updates above,
the project is in a state that can actually be explained to someone else.
There is still lots to document to be truly useful,
although being open might actually motivate me to write that.
