Binary Mixture No. 2
====================

The work that Shibu, and now Gang have been doing on a Binary mixture
is different to the one that Asaph worked on a while ago mentioned on [2018-02-21](2018-02-21.md).
Rather than being a 50:50 mix of particles,
this is a binary mixture with a ratio of 1:2.185 of particles A and B,
where A has an interaction length of 1.0 and B has a interaction length of 1.4.
Notably the interaction length of A to B is 1.1,
which is not just a straight ratio.

I do have an initial configuration for this binary mixture,
in addition to a lammps input file for running the simulation.
This could be rather useful,
in that there is a element of this already completed,
although it does also mean I will need to reconfigure my processing code.

Defining Dynamics Quantities
============================

I have a problem with the analysis of dynamics quantities.
With the molecular relaxations,
there are any number of values that can be computed,
and I would like to be able to easily specify
which of the quantities are to be computed.

Configuration File
------------------

The first idea I had was some kind of configuration file,
with a format that contained,
- name/label
- first or last passage time
- rotations or translations
- threshold
- last passage cutoff
This is a reasonable solution,
not requiring any programming knowledge just which timescales are important.

While this appears to be a reasonable idea,
I don't really like it
since it feels rather messy.
Although saying that, 
it does keep with my current theme of reproducible research.
Having a file which defines exactly what I have done.
I guess some of the issue of this is that I will now have two files,
making things even more complicated.
Although this is a separate file for the analysis,
not the simulation...

### Implementation

The way I am planning on implementing this is rather simple.
Have a yaml file, which requires a list as the top argument,
which for each element calls a function that takes some keyword arguments,
- name: str
- threshold: float
- rotation: bool = False
- last_passage: bool = False
- last_passage_cutoff: float = 1.0
This generates the dictionary.

Monkey Patching
---------------

An alternative idea is to monkey patch the function for computing 
all the molecular relaxations.
Have a local file that is imported
replacing the default computation of the dynamics quantities.
I actually rather like this idea at the moment,
mostly cause I feel it will be simpler.
Although I don't know if that would actually be the case.

Looking into applying this solution,
there are currently too many variables
that would be required in the monkey patched function.
Things like the number of molecules,
which while possible to know is just plain annoying.
Additionally there are requirements for defining
rotational relaxations from translational relaxations
which makes things even more confusing.
